example(suitedash):Add suitedash connector example (#244)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

- [similarweb](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/source_examples/similarweb) - This example shows how to use the Connector SDK to get website and app performance metrics from similarweb for domains of your choice.
- [smartsheets](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/source_examples/smartsheets) - This is an example of how we can sync Smartsheets sheets by using Connector SDK. You need to provide your Smartsheets api_key for this example to work.
- [solace](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/source_examples/solace): This example demonstrates how to sync messages from a Solace queue. To run it, you must provide your Solace broker credentials, including the host, username, password, and queue name.

> - [suitedash](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/source_examples/suitedash) - This is an example to show how to sync CRM data from SuiteDash's API by using Connector SDK. You need to provide your SuiteDash Public ID and Secret Key for this example to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [suitedash](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/source_examples/suitedash) - This example shows how to sync CRM data from SuiteDash's API by using Connector SDK. You need to provide your SuiteDash Public ID and Secret Key for this example to work.
```
